The following goals should be kept in mind while developing the current project 
(which can be changed of course):

- We are developing a framework, which will provide a base to simulate various board games. 
The goal is to write a solution for the most basic events that may occur during any 
tabletop game (drawing card from a deck, throwing dice ...)

- When implementing a specific board game, it's rules must be enforced on the gameplay. 
Also it's components, should be simulated with the pre-existing components, if possible. 
For example, dice poker 5 d6 dices per players, which can be constructed with the Dice class. 
Also, the game order - like choosing (the correct) dices to re-roll - is also handled by the software. 

- The game mechanic and the components should be read from a xml or other outer sources. 
(for example, the rules and the mechanic may read as parameters from an xml, and the 
attributes of the components - like the face of the cards - can be obtained from jpgs)


Challenges:

- Enforcing certain rules can be difficult to implement. For example, how you 
implement a rule, that allows one player to peek another player's cards, 
until he/she doesn't peaks a card with a value lesser than 5. Or when a 
player has a special ability, to draw a card (if he wishes) when another 
player draws a card @Don: i am thinking of an event list, that must be 
built before an event takes place on the game board....

- Visualizing and controlling the game components ... yeah

- ...


- A (totally not full and not well structured) list of events at the tabletop:
Forming a deck from a set of cards
Shuffling a deck
Separating a deck into smaller decks
Joining decks
Drawing from a deck into a players hand
Drawing from someone's hand
Putting/retrieving one or more card on a specific place on the table (face down or up)
Throwing dice
Read from dice
Putting/retrieving a dice on a specific place on the table (hidden or not)
A player or other object/place receives/loses tokens from other source 
Counting remaining actions (tokens)
Moving figure on the tabletop
...



